---
layout: page
title: "Text File"
category: connectors
date: 2013-11-04 07:59:44
order: 107
---

# Setup

To have Taco consider a text file as a list of tasks, from the
Connectors page, click "Text File." Provide an URL to the text file
containing your tasks.

Many applications can be configured to export tasks to a text file,
a process which can be easily automated.

In other cases, a text file may be the primary task list itself (for
example, with [TaskPaper](http://www.hogbaysoftware.com/products/taskpaper)).

## Text file locations

Using a file-sharing service like Google Drive/Docs, Dropbox, Box, or OneDrive?
If your tasks don't appear, it may be because the sharing URL does not actually serve the raw text file, it serves a Web page with a link to download the file.
Taco does its best to detect and follow redirects to for popular file-sharing
services, so that most of the time, Taco knows how to retrieve the raw file.

However, if your tasks don't appear, see
[Direct linking to your files on Dropbox, Google Drive and OneDrive](https://milanaryal.com/direct-linking-to-your-files-on-dropbox-google-drive-and-onedrive/) or the equivalent instructions for the file-sharing service
you use. Give Taco the URL to the raw text file.

## Format

The text file should contain one task per line. Lines beginning with `#`
(a pound sign) are ignored as comments.

That's it.

### TaskPaper (optional)
<a name="taskpaper"></a>

If the URL contains `taskpaper` or ends in `.tp`, Taco will consider the
file to be in TaskPaper format. Taco will only consider lines beginning
with `- ` (and will remove that from the label) and will ignore tasks
tagged with `@done`.
