---
layout: page
title: "IMAP"
category: connectors
date: 2015-01-08 10:50:02
order: 49
---

Taco retrieved flagged/starred emails from any IMAP server, such as
FastMail, Yahoo Mail, and other ISPs and email services.

# Behavior

Taco imports all flagged/starred emails in the Inbox as well as in
any folder containing the word "Archive".

Since IMAP supports many folder structures, if you flag emails but do
not see them after Taco syncs, feel free to let us know.

Taco uses IMAP over SSL exclusively and uses port 993 by default.

## What's my IMAP server name?

For large email providers, the easiest way is to Google for your email
hosting company and the word "IMAP." For example, Google for
`outlook.com imap` or `office365 imap` or `fastmail imap`.

With a bit of luck, Google will take you to your email provider's page
showing its settings. Look for the name of the IMAP server. That's the
server name that Taco needs.

The IMAP (SSL) port is almost certainly 993. If you aren't sure, leave
that default (993) unchanged.

You can also try [Apple's server lookup tool](https://www.apple.com/support/mail-settings-lookup/).
Enter your email address and submit the form. Use the "Incoming Mail Server" (IMAP) server hostname.

Finally, your email service provider may be listed on [AT&T's incoming mail](https://www.wireless.att.com/support_static_files/KB/KB5892.html) server
list.

## Webmail URL

In addition to IMAP settings, Taco asks for a URL which clicking a
task in Taco should open. This might be a webmail site, the URL
to a given search on a webmail site, or could be any other URL, like
an intranet or project site.

## Keyboard shortcut

While using Taco, press the keyboard shortcut `g im` (as in "go to
IMAP") to open the webmail or other URL in a new tab.
